examples/with-emotion/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-emotion)

# Example app with [emotion](https://github.com/tkh44/emotion)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-emotion with-emotion-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-emotion with-emotion-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-emotion
cd with-emotion
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example features how to use [emotion](https://github.com/tkh44/emotion) as the styling solution instead of [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx).

We are creating three `div` elements with custom styles being shared across the elements. The styles includes the use of pseedo-selector and CSS animations.


This is based off the with-glamorous example.

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-emotion/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-emotion)

# Example app with [emotion](https://github.com/tkh44/emotion)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-emotion with-emotion-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-emotion with-emotion-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-emotion
cd with-emotion
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example features how to use [emotion](https://github.com/tkh44/emotion) as the styling solution instead of [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx).

We are creating three `div` elements with custom styles being shared across the elements. The styles includes the use of pseedo-selector and CSS animations.


This is based off the with-glamorous example.
