examples/with-styled-components/README.md, before:

# Example app with styled-components

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-styled-components with-styled-components-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-styled-components with-styled-components-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-styled-components
cd with-styled-components
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

### Try it on CodeSandbox

[Open this example on CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styled-components)

## The idea behind the example

This example features how you use a different styling solution than [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) that also supports universal styles. That means we can serve the required styles for the first render within the HTML and then load the rest in the client. In this case we are using [styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components).

For this purpose we are extending the `<Document />` and injecting the server side rendered styles into the `<head>`, and also adding the `babel-plugin-styled-components`. (which is required for server side rendering)

Commit message:

add theme to styled-components example (#7206)

examples/with-styled-components/README.md, after:

# Example app with styled-components

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-styled-components with-styled-components-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-styled-components with-styled-components-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-styled-components
cd with-styled-components
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

### Try it on CodeSandbox

[Open this example on CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styled-components)

## The idea behind the example

This example features how you use a different styling solution than [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) that also supports universal styles. That means we can serve the required styles for the first render within the HTML and then load the rest in the client. In this case we are using [styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components).

For this purpose we are extending the `<Document />` and injecting the server side rendered styles into the `<head>`, and also adding the `babel-plugin-styled-components` (which is required for server side rendering). Additionally we set up a global [theme](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/advanced#theming) for styled-components using NextJS custom [`<App>`](https://nextjs.org/docs#custom-app) component.
