.github/issue_template.md, before:

<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

<!--
    Thank you very much for contributing to Next.js by creating an issue! ❤️
    To avoid duplicate issues we ask you to check off the following list
-->

<!-- Checked checkbox should look like this: [x] -->
- [ ] I have searched the [issues](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/issues) of this repository and believe that this is not a duplicate.

## Expected Behavior
<!--- If you're describing a bug, tell us what should happen -->
<!--- If you're suggesting a change/improvement, tell us how it should work -->

## Current Behavior
<!--- If describing a bug, tell us what happens instead of the expected behavior -->
<!--- If suggesting a change/improvement, explain the difference from current behavior -->

## Steps to Reproduce (for bugs)
<!--- Provide a link to a live example, or an unambiguous set of steps to -->
<!--- reproduce this bug. Include code to reproduce, if relevant -->
1.
2.
3.
4.

## Context
<!--- How has this issue affected you? What are you trying to accomplish? -->
<!--- Providing context helps us come up with a solution that is most useful in the real world -->

## Your Environment
<!--- Include as many relevant details about the environment you experienced the bug in -->
| Tech    | Version |
|---------|---------|
| next    |         |
| node    |         |
| OS      |         |
| browser |         |
| etc     |         |

Commit message:

Add message to ask questions on Spectrum

.github/issue_template.md, after:

<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

<!--
IMPORTANT
> If you have a question about Next.js you should ask your question on Spectrum https://spectrum.chat/next-js
> or join our Slack community at https://zeit.chat and ask in the `#next` channel
-->

<!--
    Thank you very much for contributing to Next.js by creating an issue! ❤️
    To avoid duplicate issues we ask you to check off the following list
-->

<!-- Checked checkbox should look like this: [x] -->
- [ ] I have searched the [issues](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/issues) of this repository and believe that this is not a duplicate.

## Expected Behavior
<!--- If you're describing a bug, tell us what should happen -->
<!--- If you're suggesting a change/improvement, tell us how it should work -->

## Current Behavior
<!--- If describing a bug, tell us what happens instead of the expected behavior -->
<!--- If suggesting a change/improvement, explain the difference from current behavior -->

## Steps to Reproduce (for bugs)
<!--- Provide a link to a live example, or an unambiguous set of steps to -->
<!--- reproduce this bug. Include code to reproduce, if relevant -->
1.
2.
3.
4.

## Context
<!--- How has this issue affected you? What are you trying to accomplish? -->
<!--- Providing context helps us come up with a solution that is most useful in the real world -->

## Your Environment
<!--- Include as many relevant details about the environment you experienced the bug in -->
| Tech    | Version |
|---------|---------|
| next    |         |
| node    |         |
| OS      |         |
| browser |         |
| etc     |         |
