contributing.md, before:

# Contributing to Next.js

Our Commitment to Open Source can be found [here](https://zeit.co/blog/oss)

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device.
2. Install the dependencies: `npm install`
3. Run `npm run bootstrap`, which will link all repositories locally
4. Run `npm run dev` to build and watch for code changes

## To run tests

Running all tests:

```
yarn testonly
```

Running a specific test suite inside of the `test/integration` directory:

```
yarn testonly --testPathPattern "production"
```

Running just one test in the `production` test suite:

```
yarn testonly --testPathPattern "production" -t "should allow etag header support"
```

## Running the integration test apps without running tests

```
./node_modules/.bin/next ./test/integration/basic
```

## Testing in your own app

First `next-server` needs to be linked:

```
cd packages/next-server
npm link
```

Then `next` needs to link to `next-server`, and be linked itself:

```
cd packages/next
npm link
npm link next-server
```

And finally, link the `next` package inside your app:

```
npm link next
```

Then you can run your app with the local version of Next.js (You may need to re-run the example app as you change server side code in the Next.js repository).

Commit message:

Update contributing.md to use yarn. (#5662)
The current contributing.md instructions are outdated since the project uses yarn.

The problem:
Without installing yarn we have the following error/output:

`lerna ERR! yarn run prepublish exited ENOENT in 'next-server'`

Adding new instructions on how to install and run the project.

contributing.md, after:

# Contributing to Next.js

Our Commitment to Open Source can be found [here](https://zeit.co/blog/oss)

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device.
2. Install yarn: `npm install -g yarn`
3. Install the dependencies: `yarn`
4. Run `yarn run bootstrap`, which will link all repositories locally
5. Run `yarn run dev` to build and watch for code changes

## To run tests

Running all tests:

```
yarn testonly
```

Running a specific test suite inside of the `test/integration` directory:

```
yarn testonly --testPathPattern "production"
```

Running just one test in the `production` test suite:

```
yarn testonly --testPathPattern "production" -t "should allow etag header support"
```

## Running the integration test apps without running tests

```
./node_modules/.bin/next ./test/integration/basic
```

## Testing in your own app

First `next-server` needs to be linked:

```
cd packages/next-server
npm link
```

Then `next` needs to link to `next-server`, and be linked itself:

```
cd packages/next
npm link
npm link next-server
```

And finally, link the `next` package inside your app:

```
npm link next
```

Then you can run your app with the local version of Next.js (You may need to re-run the example app as you change server side code in the Next.js repository).
