docs/advanced-features/custom-document.md, before:

# Custom `Document`

A custom `Document` is commonly used to augment your application's `<html>` and `<body>` tags. This is necessary because Next.js pages skip the definition of the surrounding document's markup.

A custom `Document` can also include `getInitialProps` for expressing asynchronous server-rendering data requirements.

To override the default `Document`, create the file `./pages/_document.js` and extend the `Document` class as shown below:

```jsx
import Document, { Html, Head, Main, NextScript } from 'next/document'

class MyDocument extends Document {
  static async getInitialProps(ctx) {
    const initialProps = await Document.getInitialProps(ctx)
    return { ...initialProps }
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <Html>
        <Head />
        <body>
          <Main />
          <NextScript />
        </body>
      </Html>
    )
  }
}

export default MyDocument
```

`<Html>`, `<Head />`, `<Main />` and `<NextScript />` are required for the page to be properly rendered.

The `ctx` object is equivalent to the one received in [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md#context-object), with one addition:

- `renderPage`: `Function` - a callback that executes the actual React rendering logic (synchronously). It's useful to decorate this function in order to support server-rendering wrappers like Aphrodite's [`renderStatic`](https://github.com/Khan/aphrodite#server-side-rendering)

## Caveats

- `Document` is only rendered in the server, event handlers like `onClick` won't work
- React components outside of `<Main />` will not be initialized by the browser. Do _not_ add application logic here. If you need shared components in all your pages (like a menu or a toolbar), take a look at the [`App`](/docs/advanced-features/custom-app.md) component instead
- `Document`'s `getInitialProps` function is not called during client-side transitions, nor when a page is [statically optimized](/docs/advanced-features/automatic-static-optimization.md)
- Make sure to check if `ctx.req` / `ctx.res` are defined in `getInitialProps`. Those variables will be `undefined` when a page is being statically exported by [Automatic Static Optimization](/docs/advanced-features/automatic-static-optimization.md) or by [`next export`](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md)

## Customizing `renderPage`

> It should be noted that the only reason you should be customizing `renderPage` is for usage with **css-in-js** libraries that need to wrap the application to properly work with server-side rendering.

It takes as argument an options object for further customization:

```jsx
import Document from 'next/document'

class MyDocument extends Document {
  static async getInitialProps(ctx) {
    const originalRenderPage = ctx.renderPage

    ctx.renderPage = () =>
      originalRenderPage({
        // useful for wrapping the whole react tree
        enhanceApp: App => App,
        // useful for wrapping in a per-page basis
        enhanceComponent: Component => Component,
      })

    // Run the parent `getInitialProps`, it now includes the custom `renderPage`
    const initialProps = await Document.getInitialProps(ctx)

    return initialProps
  }
}

export default MyDocument
```

Commit message:

Add descriptions to documentation pages (#9901)
* Added descriptions

* Added descriptions to API Reference

* Added descriptions to API Routes

* Added descriptions to basic features

* Added descriptions to the routing docs

* Update exportPathMap.md

Co-authored-by: Joe Haddad <timer150@gmail.com>

docs/advanced-features/custom-document.md, after:

---
description: Extend the default document markup added by Next.js.
---

# Custom `Document`

A custom `Document` is commonly used to augment your application's `<html>` and `<body>` tags. This is necessary because Next.js pages skip the definition of the surrounding document's markup.

A custom `Document` can also include `getInitialProps` for expressing asynchronous server-rendering data requirements.

To override the default `Document`, create the file `./pages/_document.js` and extend the `Document` class as shown below:

```jsx
import Document, { Html, Head, Main, NextScript } from 'next/document'

class MyDocument extends Document {
  static async getInitialProps(ctx) {
    const initialProps = await Document.getInitialProps(ctx)
    return { ...initialProps }
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <Html>
        <Head />
        <body>
          <Main />
          <NextScript />
        </body>
      </Html>
    )
  }
}

export default MyDocument
```

`<Html>`, `<Head />`, `<Main />` and `<NextScript />` are required for the page to be properly rendered.

The `ctx` object is equivalent to the one received in [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md#context-object), with one addition:

- `renderPage`: `Function` - a callback that executes the actual React rendering logic (synchronously). It's useful to decorate this function in order to support server-rendering wrappers like Aphrodite's [`renderStatic`](https://github.com/Khan/aphrodite#server-side-rendering)

## Caveats

- `Document` is only rendered in the server, event handlers like `onClick` won't work
- React components outside of `<Main />` will not be initialized by the browser. Do _not_ add application logic here. If you need shared components in all your pages (like a menu or a toolbar), take a look at the [`App`](/docs/advanced-features/custom-app.md) component instead
- `Document`'s `getInitialProps` function is not called during client-side transitions, nor when a page is [statically optimized](/docs/advanced-features/automatic-static-optimization.md)
- Make sure to check if `ctx.req` / `ctx.res` are defined in `getInitialProps`. Those variables will be `undefined` when a page is being statically exported by [Automatic Static Optimization](/docs/advanced-features/automatic-static-optimization.md) or by [`next export`](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md)

## Customizing `renderPage`

> It should be noted that the only reason you should be customizing `renderPage` is for usage with **css-in-js** libraries that need to wrap the application to properly work with server-side rendering.

It takes as argument an options object for further customization:

```jsx
import Document from 'next/document'

class MyDocument extends Document {
  static async getInitialProps(ctx) {
    const originalRenderPage = ctx.renderPage

    ctx.renderPage = () =>
      originalRenderPage({
        // useful for wrapping the whole react tree
        enhanceApp: App => App,
        // useful for wrapping in a per-page basis
        enhanceComponent: Component => Component,
      })

    // Run the parent `getInitialProps`, it now includes the custom `renderPage`
    const initialProps = await Document.getInitialProps(ctx)

    return initialProps
  }
}

export default MyDocument
```
