examples/with-context-api/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-context-api)

# Hello World example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-context-api with-context-api-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-context-api with-context-api-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-context-api
cd with-context-api
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example shows how to use react context api in our app. Based on WesBos example.

Commit message:

Updated with-context-api to include an about page and also events that pass data to context provider (#6082)
…aces (home and about pages). This makes it the example more clear and why someone might want to use _app.js in the first place.  Also, added a button on the about page that allows for passing and arbitrary value from the about page to the context provider. I disagree with the naming convention of calling the class CounterProvider. It includes both a Provider and Consumer so it should have some name that covers both.  Maybe it should be called CounterContext but I did not change that. I've seen other examples of the same naming conversion so figure I'm the odd duck here (still think it's wrong no matter how many people do it).

examples/with-context-api/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-context-api)

# Hello World example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-context-api with-context-api-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-context-api with-context-api-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-context-api
cd with-context-api
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example*

This example shows how to use react context api in our app. 

It provides an example of using `pages/_app.js` to include include the context api provider and then shows how both the `pages/index.js` and `pages/about.js` can both share the same data using the context api consumer.

The `pages/index.js` shows how to, from the home page, increment and decrement the context data by 1 (a hard code value in the context provider itself).

The `pages/about.js` shows how to, from the about page, how to pass an increment value from the about page into the context provider itself.


**Based on WesBos example*.
