examples/with-apollo-and-redux/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-apollo-and-redux)
# Apollo & Redux Example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```
npm i -g create-next-app
create-next-app --example with-apollo-and-redux with-apollo-and-redux-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-apollo-and-redux
cd with-apollo-and-redux
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example
By default, Apollo Client creates its own internal Redux store to manage queries and their results. If you are already using Redux for the rest of your app, [you can have the client integrate with your existing store instead](http://dev.apollodata.com/react/redux.html), which is what this example does. This example is identical to the [`with-apollo`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-apollo) with the exception of this Redux store integration. 

Note that you can acesss the redux store like you normally would using `react-redux`'s `connect` as per [here](http://dev.apollodata.com/react/redux.html#using-connect). Here's a quick example:

```js
const mapStateToProps = state => ({
  location: state.form.location,
});

export default withData(connect(mapStateToProps, null)(Index));
```

`connect` must go inside `withData` otherwise `connect` will not be able to find the store.

Commit message:

[refactor] with-apollo-and-redux: 2.0.0 (#3484)
* [refactor] with-apollo-and-redux: 2.0.0

- This ports over `with-apollo` (w/ recent `withRouter` fix and addition
for Post) along with implementing `apollo-cache-redux` #3463
- The `redux` side of things is lacking (it is the *same* as the
original example)
- Created a `routes.js` for use on Server and Client Side (to expand the
PostList functionality)
- SSR is maintained
- Redid the "PostVote" a bit... sorry. 😬️

Possible todo(s):
- Add in API and Clock Examples from `with-redux` to show Apollo and
Redux working together a bit more
- redux-saga (I personally use this, may be too opinionated for the base
example though)

Packages updated:
- apollo-cache-redux
- apollo-client-preset
- graphql
- graphql-anywhere
- graphql-tag
- isomorphic-unfetch
- next-routes
- prop-types
- react
- react-apollo
- react-dom
- redux

* [refactor] fix linting issues

When I run `yarn lint` explicitly these were caught, but not doing a
build proper. Apologies on that!

* [chore] 📦️ package.json: like other examples

* [refactor] +apollo-cache-inmemory, -apollo-cache-redux

Separation of Apollo and Redux. 😄️
We could stand to use a few actual examples of Redux, though this is a
good starting block.
Some other code cleanup as well.

examples/with-apollo-and-redux/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-apollo-and-redux)
# Apollo & Redux Example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```
npm i -g create-next-app
create-next-app --example with-apollo-and-redux with-apollo-and-redux-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-apollo-and-redux
cd with-apollo-and-redux
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example
In 2.0.0, Apollo Client severs out-of-the-box support for redux in favor of Apollo's client side state management. This example aims to be an amalgamation of the [`with-apollo`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-apollo) and [`with-redux`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-redux) examples.

Note that you can access the redux store like you normally would using `react-redux`'s `connect`. Here's a quick example:

```js
const mapStateToProps = state => ({
  location: state.form.location,
});

export default withData(connect(mapStateToProps, null)(Index));
```

`connect` must go inside `withData` otherwise `connect` will not be able to find the store.
