examples/with-reasonml/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-reasonml)
# Example app using ReasonML & ReasonReact components

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-reasonml with-reasonml-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-reasonml with-reasonml-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-reasonml
cd with-reasonml
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```
### Recommendation:

Run BuckleScript build system `bsb -w` and `next -w` separately. For the sake
of simple convention, `npm run dev` run both `bsb` and `next` concurrently.
However, this doesn't offer the full [colorful and very, very, veeeery nice
error
output](https://reasonml.github.io/blog/2017/08/25/way-nicer-error-messages.html)
experience that ReasonML can offer, don't miss it!

## The idea behind the example

This example features:

* An app that mixes together JavaScript and ReasonML components and functions
* An app with two pages which has a common Counter component
* That Counter component maintain the counter inside its module. This is used
  primarily to illustrate that modules get initialized once and their state
  variables persist in runtime

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-reasonml/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-reasonml)

# Example app using ReasonML & ReasonReact components

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-reasonml with-reasonml-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-reasonml with-reasonml-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-reasonml
cd with-reasonml
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Build and run:

```bash
npm run build
npm run start
# or
yarn build
yarn start
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

### Recommendation:

Run BuckleScript build system `bsb -w` and `next -w` separately. For the sake
of simple convention, `npm run dev` run both `bsb` and `next` concurrently.
However, this doesn't offer the full [colorful and very, very, veeeery nice
error
output](https://reasonml.github.io/blog/2017/08/25/way-nicer-error-messages.html)
experience that ReasonML can offer, don't miss it!

## The idea behind the example

This example features:

* An app that mixes together JavaScript and ReasonML components and functions
* An app with two pages which has a common Counter component
* That Counter component maintain the counter inside its module. This is used
  primarily to illustrate that modules get initialized once and their state
  variables persist in runtime
