examples/with-tailwindcss-emotion/README.md, before:

# Tailwind CSS with Emotion.js example

This is an example of how you can add the tailwind CSS with Emotion.js in your web app.

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss-emotion with-tailwindcss-emotion-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss-emotion with-tailwindcss-emotion-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-tailwindcss-emotion
cd with-tailwindcss-emotion
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This setup has inspiration from [examples/with-tailwindcss](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss/README.md). This example will show you how to integrate [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) with [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/).

`tailwindcss.macros` is used to add tailwind classes inside Emotion by injecting the tailwind CSS into the styled component. No need to use CSS files, autoprefix, minifier, etc. You will get the full benefits of Emotion.

The CSS classes generated by Emotion will include the tailwind styles but not the name of the classes. For example the following component:

```jsx
const Header = styled.div`
  ${tw`font-mono text-sm text-gray-800`}
`
```

Will be transformed into:

```css
.css-25og8s-Header {
  font-family: Menlo, Monaco, Consolas, 'Liberation Mono', 'Courier New',
    monospace;
  font-size: 0.875rem;
  color: #2d3748;
}
```

Commit message:

Add the deploy button to compatible examples (#9547)

examples/with-tailwindcss-emotion/README.md, after:

# Tailwind CSS with Emotion.js example

This is an example of how you can add the tailwind CSS with Emotion.js in your web app.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss-emotion)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss-emotion with-tailwindcss-emotion-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss-emotion with-tailwindcss-emotion-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-tailwindcss-emotion
cd with-tailwindcss-emotion
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This setup has inspiration from [examples/with-tailwindcss](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss/README.md). This example will show you how to integrate [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) with [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/).

`tailwindcss.macros` is used to add tailwind classes inside Emotion by injecting the tailwind CSS into the styled component. No need to use CSS files, autoprefix, minifier, etc. You will get the full benefits of Emotion.

The CSS classes generated by Emotion will include the tailwind styles but not the name of the classes. For example the following component:

```jsx
const Header = styled.div`
  ${tw`font-mono text-sm text-gray-800`}
`
```

Will be transformed into:

```css
.css-25og8s-Header {
  font-family: Menlo, Monaco, Consolas, 'Liberation Mono', 'Courier New',
    monospace;
  font-size: 0.875rem;
  color: #2d3748;
}
```
