examples/with-redux/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-redux)

# Redux example

## How to use

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/master | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-master/examples/with-redux
cd with-redux
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Usually splitting your app state into `pages` feels natural but sometimes you'll want to have global state for your app. This is an example on how you can use redux that also works with our universal rendering approach. This is just a way you can do it but it's not the only one.

In this example we are going to display a digital clock that updates every second. The first render is happening in the server and then the browser will take over. To illustrate this, the server rendered clock will have a different background color than the client one.

![](http://i.imgur.com/JCxtWSj.gif)

Our page is located at `pages/index.js` so it will map the route `/`. To get the initial data for rendering we are implementing the static method `getInitialProps`, initializing the redux store and dispatching the required actions until we are ready to return the initial state to be rendered. Since the component is wrapped with `next-react-wrapper`, the component is automatically connected to Redux and wrapped with `react-redux Provider`, that allows us to access redux state immediately and send the store down to children components so they can access to the state when required.

For safety it is recommended to wrap all pages, no matter if they use Redux or not, so that you should not care about it anymore in all child components.

`withRedux` function accepts `makeStore` as first argument, all other arguments are internally passed to `react-redux connect()` function. `makeStore` function will receive initialState as one argument and should return a new instance of redux store each time when called, no memoization needed here. See the [full example](https://github.com/kirill-konshin/next-redux-wrapper#usage) in the Next Redux Wrapper repository. And there's another package [next-connect-redux](https://github.com/huzidaha/next-connect-redux) available with similar features.

To pass the initial state from the server to the client we pass it as a prop called `initialState` so then it's available when the client takes over.

The trick here for supporting universal redux is to separate the cases for the client and the server. When we are on the server we want to create a new store every time, otherwise different users data will be mixed up. If we are in the client we want to use always the same store. That's what we accomplish on `store.js`

The clock, under `components/Clock.js`, has access to the state using the `connect` function from `react-redux`. In this case Clock is a direct child from the page but it could be deep down the render tree.

Commit message:

Update to examples: with-redux (updated) (#1813)
* With-Redux-example-update-request

Hello Next.js,

I’ve added an additional example to “With-Redux” and updated some of
the original code to help illustrate to less inexperienced developers
how to implement Redux with Next.js.

The example is a simple counter to help reinforce how the client and
server renderings work together. In addition I also updated some of the
redux boilerplate code to help fully demonstrate how redux can be
implemented when using is with Next.js

Please contact me at spencer.bigum@gmail.com for further questions or
anything else you might need.

Thanks,
Spencer

* fixed listing issues: examples/with-redux

* Updated code based on @impronunciable Feedback

examples/with-redux/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-redux)

# Redux example

## How to use

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/master | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-master/examples/with-redux
cd with-redux
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Usually splitting your app state into `pages` feels natural but sometimes you'll want to have global state for your app. This is an example on how you can use redux that also works with our universal rendering approach. This is just a way you can do it but it's not the only one.

In the first example we are going to display a digital clock that updates every second. The first render is happening in the server and then the browser will take over. To illustrate this, the server rendered clock will have a different background color than the client one.

![](http://i.imgur.com/JCxtWSj.gif)

Our page is located at `pages/index.js` so it will map the route `/`. To get the initial data for rendering we are implementing the static method `getInitialProps`, initializing the redux store and dispatching the required actions until we are ready to return the initial state to be rendered. Since the component is wrapped with `next-react-wrapper`, the component is automatically connected to Redux and wrapped with `react-redux Provider`, that allows us to access redux state immediately and send the store down to children components so they can access to the state when required.

For safety it is recommended to wrap all pages, no matter if they use Redux or not, so that you should not care about it anymore in all child components.

`withRedux` function accepts `makeStore` as first argument, all other arguments are internally passed to `react-redux connect()` function. `makeStore` function will receive initialState as one argument and should return a new instance of redux store each time when called, no memoization needed here. See the [full example](https://github.com/kirill-konshin/next-redux-wrapper#usage) in the Next Redux Wrapper repository. And there's another package [next-connect-redux](https://github.com/huzidaha/next-connect-redux) available with similar features.

To pass the initial state from the server to the client we pass it as a prop called `initialState` so then it's available when the client takes over.

The trick here for supporting universal redux is to separate the cases for the client and the server. When we are on the server we want to create a new store every time, otherwise different users data will be mixed up. If we are in the client we want to use always the same store. That's what we accomplish on `store.js`

The clock, under `components/Clock.js`, has access to the state using the `connect` function from `react-redux`. In this case Clock is a direct child from the page but it could be deep down the render tree.

The second example, under `components/AddCount.js`, shows a simple add counter function with a class component implementing a common redux pattern of mapping state and props. Again, the first render is happening in the server and instead of starting the count at 0, it will dispatch an action in redux that starts the count at 1. This continues to highlight how each navigation triggers a server render first and then a client render second, when you navigate between pages.

For simplicity and readability, Reducers, Actions, and Store creators are all in the same file: `store.js`
