docs/routing/shallow-routing.md, before:

# Shallow Routing

<details>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-shallow-routing">Shallow Routing</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

Shallow routing allows you to change the URL without running [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md).

You'll receive the updated `pathname` and the `query` via the [`router` object](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#router-object) (added by [`useRouter`](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#useRouter) or [`withRouter`](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#withRouter)), without losing state.

To enable shallow routing, set the `shallow` option to `true`. Consider the following example:

```jsx
import { useEffect } from 'react'
import { useRouter } from 'next/router'

// Current URL is '/'
function Page() {
  const router = useRouter()

  useEffect(() => {
    // Always do navigations after the first render
    router.push('/?counter=10', null, { shallow: true })
  }, [])

  useEffect(() => {
    // The counter changed!
  }, [router.query.counter])
}

export default Page
```

If you don't need to add the router object to the page, you can also use the [Router API](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#router-api) directly, like so:

```jsx
import Router from 'next/router'
// Inside your page
Router.push('/?counter=10', null, { shallow: true })
```

The URL will get updated to `/?counter=10`. and the page won't get replaced, only the state of the route is changed.

You can also watch for URL changes via [`componentDidUpdate`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html#componentdidupdate) as shown below:

```jsx
componentDidUpdate(prevProps) {
  const { pathname, query } = this.props.router
  // verify props have changed to avoid an infinite loop
  if (query.counter !== prevProps.router.query.counter) {
    // fetch data based on the new query
  }
}
```

## Caveats

Shallow routing **only** works for same page URL changes. For example, let's assume we have another page called `pages/about.js`, and you run this:

```jsx
Router.push('/?counter=10', '/about?counter=10', { shallow: true })
```

Since that's a new page, it'll unload the current page, load the new one and call `getInitialProps` even though we asked to do shallow routing.

Commit message:

Add descriptions to documentation pages (#9901)
* Added descriptions

* Added descriptions to API Reference

* Added descriptions to API Routes

* Added descriptions to basic features

* Added descriptions to the routing docs

* Update exportPathMap.md

Co-authored-by: Joe Haddad <timer150@gmail.com>

docs/routing/shallow-routing.md, after:

---
description: You can use shallow routing to change the URL without triggering a new page change. Learn more here.
---

# Shallow Routing

<details>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-shallow-routing">Shallow Routing</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

Shallow routing allows you to change the URL without running [`getInitialProps`](/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps.md).

You'll receive the updated `pathname` and the `query` via the [`router` object](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#router-object) (added by [`useRouter`](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#useRouter) or [`withRouter`](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#withRouter)), without losing state.

To enable shallow routing, set the `shallow` option to `true`. Consider the following example:

```jsx
import { useEffect } from 'react'
import { useRouter } from 'next/router'

// Current URL is '/'
function Page() {
  const router = useRouter()

  useEffect(() => {
    // Always do navigations after the first render
    router.push('/?counter=10', null, { shallow: true })
  }, [])

  useEffect(() => {
    // The counter changed!
  }, [router.query.counter])
}

export default Page
```

If you don't need to add the router object to the page, you can also use the [Router API](/docs/api-reference/next/router.md#router-api) directly, like so:

```jsx
import Router from 'next/router'
// Inside your page
Router.push('/?counter=10', null, { shallow: true })
```

The URL will get updated to `/?counter=10`. and the page won't get replaced, only the state of the route is changed.

You can also watch for URL changes via [`componentDidUpdate`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html#componentdidupdate) as shown below:

```jsx
componentDidUpdate(prevProps) {
  const { pathname, query } = this.props.router
  // verify props have changed to avoid an infinite loop
  if (query.counter !== prevProps.router.query.counter) {
    // fetch data based on the new query
  }
}
```

## Caveats

Shallow routing **only** works for same page URL changes. For example, let's assume we have another page called `pages/about.js`, and you run this:

```jsx
Router.push('/?counter=10', '/about?counter=10', { shallow: true })
```

Since that's a new page, it'll unload the current page, load the new one and call `getInitialProps` even though we asked to do shallow routing.
