docs/api-reference/next.config.js/exportPathMap.md, before:

# exportPathMap

> This feature is exclusive of `next export`. Please refer to [Static HTML export](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md) if you want to learn more about it.

<details>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-static-export">Static Export</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

Let's start with an example, to create a custom `exportPathMap` for an app with the following pages:

- `pages/index.js`
- `pages/about.js`
- `pages/post.js`

Open `next.config.js` and add the following `exportPathMap` config:

```js
module.exports = {
  exportPathMap: async function(
    defaultPathMap,
    { dev, dir, outDir, distDir, buildId }
  ) {
    return {
      '/': { page: '/' },
      '/about': { page: '/about' },
      '/p/hello-nextjs': { page: '/post', query: { title: 'hello-nextjs' } },
      '/p/learn-nextjs': { page: '/post', query: { title: 'learn-nextjs' } },
      '/p/deploy-nextjs': { page: '/post', query: { title: 'deploy-nextjs' } },
    }
  },
}
```

The pages will then be exported as HTML files, for example, `/about` will become `/about.html`.

`exportPathMap` is an `async` function that receives 2 arguments: the first one is `defaultPathMap`, which is the default map used by Next.js. The second argument is an object with:

- `dev` - `true` when `exportPathMap` is being called in development. `false` when running `next export`. In development `exportPathMap` is used to define routes.
- `dir` - Absolute path to the project directory
- `outDir` - Absolute path to the `out/` directory (configurable with `-o`). When `dev` is `true` the value of `outDir` will be `null`.
- `distDir` - Absolute path to the `.next/` directory (configurable with the [`distDir`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/setting-a-custom-build-directory.md) config)
- `buildId` - The generated build id

The returned object is a map of pages where the `key` is the `pathname` and the `value` is an object that accepts the following fields:

- `page`: `String` - the page inside the `pages` directory to render
- `query`: `Object` - the `query` object passed to `getInitialProps` when prerendering. Defaults to `{}`

> The exported `pathname` can also be a filename (for example, `/readme.md`), but you may need to set the `Content-Type` header to `text/html` when serving its content if it is different than `.html`.

## Adding a trailing slash

It is possible to configure Next.js to export pages as `index.html` files and require trailing slashes, `/about` becomes `/about/index.html` and is routable via `/about/`. This was the default behavior prior to Next.js 9.

To switch back and add a trailing slash, open `next.config.js` and enable the `exportTrailingSlash` config:

```js
module.exports = {
  exportTrailingSlash: true,
}
```

Commit message:

Add descriptions to documentation pages (#9901)
* Added descriptions

* Added descriptions to API Reference

* Added descriptions to API Routes

* Added descriptions to basic features

* Added descriptions to the routing docs

* Update exportPathMap.md

Co-authored-by: Joe Haddad <timer150@gmail.com>

docs/api-reference/next.config.js/exportPathMap.md, after:

---
description: Customize the pages that will be exported as HTML files when using `next export`.
---

# exportPathMap

> This feature is exclusive of `next export`. Please refer to [Static HTML export](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md) if you want to learn more about it.

<details>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-static-export">Static Export</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

Let's start with an example, to create a custom `exportPathMap` for an app with the following pages:

- `pages/index.js`
- `pages/about.js`
- `pages/post.js`

Open `next.config.js` and add the following `exportPathMap` config:

```js
module.exports = {
  exportPathMap: async function(
    defaultPathMap,
    { dev, dir, outDir, distDir, buildId }
  ) {
    return {
      '/': { page: '/' },
      '/about': { page: '/about' },
      '/p/hello-nextjs': { page: '/post', query: { title: 'hello-nextjs' } },
      '/p/learn-nextjs': { page: '/post', query: { title: 'learn-nextjs' } },
      '/p/deploy-nextjs': { page: '/post', query: { title: 'deploy-nextjs' } },
    }
  },
}
```

The pages will then be exported as HTML files, for example, `/about` will become `/about.html`.

`exportPathMap` is an `async` function that receives 2 arguments: the first one is `defaultPathMap`, which is the default map used by Next.js. The second argument is an object with:

- `dev` - `true` when `exportPathMap` is being called in development. `false` when running `next export`. In development `exportPathMap` is used to define routes.
- `dir` - Absolute path to the project directory
- `outDir` - Absolute path to the `out/` directory (configurable with `-o`). When `dev` is `true` the value of `outDir` will be `null`.
- `distDir` - Absolute path to the `.next/` directory (configurable with the [`distDir`](/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/setting-a-custom-build-directory.md) config)
- `buildId` - The generated build id

The returned object is a map of pages where the `key` is the `pathname` and the `value` is an object that accepts the following fields:

- `page`: `String` - the page inside the `pages` directory to render
- `query`: `Object` - the `query` object passed to `getInitialProps` when prerendering. Defaults to `{}`

> The exported `pathname` can also be a filename (for example, `/readme.md`), but you may need to set the `Content-Type` header to `text/html` when serving its content if it is different than `.html`.

## Adding a trailing slash

It is possible to configure Next.js to export pages as `index.html` files and require trailing slashes, `/about` becomes `/about/index.html` and is routable via `/about/`. This was the default behavior prior to Next.js 9.

To switch back and add a trailing slash, open `next.config.js` and enable the `exportTrailingSlash` config:

```js
module.exports = {
  exportTrailingSlash: true,
}
```
