examples/with-draft-js/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-draft-js)
# DraftJS Medium editor inspiration

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-draft-js
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-draft-js with-draft-js-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-draft-js
cd with-draft-js
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Have you ever wanted to have an editor like medium.com in your Next.js app? DraftJS is avalaible for SSR, but some plugins like the toolbar are using `window`, which does not work when doing SSR.

This example aims to provides a fully customizable example of the famous medium editor with DraftJS. The goal was to get it as customizable as possible, and fully working with Next.js without using the react-no-ssr package.

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-draft-js/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-draft-js)
# DraftJS Medium editor inspiration

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-draft-js
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-draft-js with-draft-js-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-draft-js
cd with-draft-js
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Have you ever wanted to have an editor like medium.com in your Next.js app? DraftJS is avalaible for SSR, but some plugins like the toolbar are using `window`, which does not work when doing SSR.

This example aims to provides a fully customizable example of the famous medium editor with DraftJS. The goal was to get it as customizable as possible, and fully working with Next.js without using the react-no-ssr package.
