docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support.md, before:

---
description: Next.js supports including CSS files as Global CSS or CSS Modules, using `styled-jsx` for CSS-in-JS, or any other CSS-in-JS solution! Learn more here.
---

# Built-In CSS Support

Next.js allows you to import CSS files from a JavaScript file.
This is possible because Next.js extends the concept of [`import`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) beyond JavaScript.

## Adding a Global Stylesheet

To add a stylesheet to your application, import the CSS file within `pages/_app.js`.

For example, consider the following stylesheet named `styles.css`:

```css
body {
  font-family: 'SF Pro Text', 'SF Pro Icons', system-ui;
  padding: 20px 20px 60px;
  max-width: 680px;
  margin: 0 auto;
}
```

Create a [`pages/_app.js` file](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app) if not already present.
Then, [`import`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) the `styles.css` file.

```jsx
import '../styles.css'

// This default export is required in a new `pages/_app.js` file.
export default function MyApp({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return <Component {...pageProps} />
}
```

These styles (`styles.css`) will apply to all pages and components in your application.
Due to the global nature of stylesheets, and to avoid conflicts, you may **only import them inside [`pages/_app.js`](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app)**.

In development, expressing stylesheets this way allows your styles to be hot reloaded as you edit them—meaning you can keep application state.

In production, all CSS files will be automatically concatenated into a single minified `.css` file.

## Adding Component-Level CSS

Next.js supports [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) using the `[name].module.css` file naming convention.

CSS Modules locally scope CSS by automatically creating a unique class name.
This allows you to use the same CSS class name in different files without worrying about collisions.

This behavior makes CSS Modules the ideal way to include component-level CSS.
CSS Module files **can be imported anywhere in your application**.

For example, consider a reusable `Button` component in the `components/` folder:

First, create `components/Button.module.css` with the following content:

```css
/*
You do not need to worry about .error {} colliding with any other `.css` or
`.module.css` files!
*/
.error {
  color: white;
  background-color: red;
}
```

Then, create `components/Button.js`, importing and using the above CSS file:

```jsx
import styles from './Button.module.css'

export function Button() {
  return (
    <button
      type="button"
      // Note how the "error" class is accessed as a property on the imported
      // `styles` object.
      className={styles.error}
    >
      Destroy
    </button>
  )
}
```

CSS Modules are an _optional feature_ and are **only enabled for files with the `.module.css` extension**.
Regular `<link>` stylesheets and global CSS files are still supported.

In production, all CSS Module files will be automatically concatenated into **many minified and code-split** `.css` files.
These `.css` files represent hot execution paths in your application, ensuring the minimal amount of CSS is loaded for your application to paint.

## CSS-in-JS

<details>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/basic-css">Styled JSX</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styled-components">Styled Components</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styletron">Styletron</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-glamor">Glamor</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-cxs">Cxs</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-aphrodite">Aphrodite</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-fela">Fela</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

It's possible to use any existing CSS-in-JS solution.
The simplest one is inline styles:

```jsx
function HiThere() {
  return <p style={{ color: 'red' }}>hi there</p>
}

export default HiThere
```

We bundle [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) to provide support for isolated scoped CSS.
The aim is to support "shadow CSS" similar to Web Components, which unfortunately [do not support server-rendering and are JS-only](https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/71).

See the above examples for other popular CSS-in-JS solutions (like Styled Components).

A component using `styled-jsx` looks like this:

```jsx
function HelloWorld() {
  return (
    <div>
      Hello world
      <p>scoped!</p>
      <style jsx>{`
        p {
          color: blue;
        }
        div {
          background: red;
        }
        @media (max-width: 600px) {
          div {
            background: blue;
          }
        }
      `}</style>
      <style global jsx>{`
        body {
          background: black;
        }
      `}</style>
    </div>
  )
}

export default HelloWorld
```

Please see the [styled-jsx documentation](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) for more examples.

## Sass, Less, and Stylus Support

To support importing `.scss`, `.less` or `.styl` files you can use the following plugins:

- [@zeit/next-sass](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-sass)
- [@zeit/next-less](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-less)
- [@zeit/next-stylus](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-stylus)

Commit message:

[Experimental] Add built-in Sass support (#10133)
* Add built-in Sass support

* Add copy of CSS tests for SCSS

* Fix failing tests

* Fix url-loader tests

* Remove css file generated by tests

* Fix nprogress import for css file

* Fix SCSS modules (still 2 tests that need investigating)

* Update documentation for Sass support

* Fix plain CSS import test

* Fix formatting with prettier fix

* Update test output to reflect scss usage

* Revert "Fix plain CSS import test"

This reverts commit 380319d9d0c4bfb19e28c210262ccd82d19f3556.

# Conflicts:
#	test/integration/scss-modules/test/index.test.js

* Update loader structure

* Resolve loaders before passing to compile function

* Remove dead filter  code

* Arrange loaders in order and push to array

* Fix loader order bug

* Fix global Sass loader and make module prepocessor optional

* Adjust Sass Modules Implementation

* Fix typo

* Adjust regexps

* Use regexes

* Simplify global setup

* Adjust comments

* fix regex

* Simplify identifier file

* Update Sass Instructions

* Remove unneeded fixtures

* Adjust global tests

* Remove wrapper

* Update source maps

* Flag scss behavior

* Fix css property value

* Update fixtures with Sass vars

* Turn on Scss support

* fix HMR test

* Fix snapshots

Co-authored-by: Tim Neutkens <tim@timneutkens.nl>
Co-authored-by: Joe Haddad <timer150@gmail.com>

docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support.md, after:

---
description: Next.js supports including CSS files as Global CSS or CSS Modules, using `styled-jsx` for CSS-in-JS, or any other CSS-in-JS solution! Learn more here.
---

# Built-In CSS Support

Next.js allows you to import CSS files from a JavaScript file.
This is possible because Next.js extends the concept of [`import`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) beyond JavaScript.

## Adding a Global Stylesheet

To add a stylesheet to your application, import the CSS file within `pages/_app.js`.

For example, consider the following stylesheet named `styles.css`:

```css
body {
  font-family: 'SF Pro Text', 'SF Pro Icons', system-ui;
  padding: 20px 20px 60px;
  max-width: 680px;
  margin: 0 auto;
}
```

Create a [`pages/_app.js` file](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app) if not already present.
Then, [`import`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) the `styles.css` file.

```jsx
import '../styles.css'

// This default export is required in a new `pages/_app.js` file.
export default function MyApp({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return <Component {...pageProps} />
}
```

These styles (`styles.css`) will apply to all pages and components in your application.
Due to the global nature of stylesheets, and to avoid conflicts, you may **only import them inside [`pages/_app.js`](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app)**.

In development, expressing stylesheets this way allows your styles to be hot reloaded as you edit them—meaning you can keep application state.

In production, all CSS files will be automatically concatenated into a single minified `.css` file.

## Adding Component-Level CSS

Next.js supports [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) using the `[name].module.css` file naming convention.

CSS Modules locally scope CSS by automatically creating a unique class name.
This allows you to use the same CSS class name in different files without worrying about collisions.

This behavior makes CSS Modules the ideal way to include component-level CSS.
CSS Module files **can be imported anywhere in your application**.

For example, consider a reusable `Button` component in the `components/` folder:

First, create `components/Button.module.css` with the following content:

```css
/*
You do not need to worry about .error {} colliding with any other `.css` or
`.module.css` files!
*/
.error {
  color: white;
  background-color: red;
}
```

Then, create `components/Button.js`, importing and using the above CSS file:

```jsx
import styles from './Button.module.css'

export function Button() {
  return (
    <button
      type="button"
      // Note how the "error" class is accessed as a property on the imported
      // `styles` object.
      className={styles.error}
    >
      Destroy
    </button>
  )
}
```

CSS Modules are an _optional feature_ and are **only enabled for files with the `.module.css` extension**.
Regular `<link>` stylesheets and global CSS files are still supported.

In production, all CSS Module files will be automatically concatenated into **many minified and code-split** `.css` files.
These `.css` files represent hot execution paths in your application, ensuring the minimal amount of CSS is loaded for your application to paint.

## CSS-in-JS

<details>
  <summary><b>Examples</b></summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/basic-css">Styled JSX</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styled-components">Styled Components</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styletron">Styletron</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-glamor">Glamor</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-cxs">Cxs</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-aphrodite">Aphrodite</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-fela">Fela</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

It's possible to use any existing CSS-in-JS solution.
The simplest one is inline styles:

```jsx
function HiThere() {
  return <p style={{ color: 'red' }}>hi there</p>
}

export default HiThere
```

We bundle [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) to provide support for isolated scoped CSS.
The aim is to support "shadow CSS" similar to Web Components, which unfortunately [do not support server-rendering and are JS-only](https://github.com/w3c/webcomponents/issues/71).

See the above examples for other popular CSS-in-JS solutions (like Styled Components).

A component using `styled-jsx` looks like this:

```jsx
function HelloWorld() {
  return (
    <div>
      Hello world
      <p>scoped!</p>
      <style jsx>{`
        p {
          color: blue;
        }
        div {
          background: red;
        }
        @media (max-width: 600px) {
          div {
            background: blue;
          }
        }
      `}</style>
      <style global jsx>{`
        body {
          background: black;
        }
      `}</style>
    </div>
  )
}

export default HelloWorld
```

Please see the [styled-jsx documentation](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) for more examples.

## Sass Support

Next.js allows you to import Sass using both the `.scss` and `.sass` extensions.
You can use component-level Sass via CSS Modules and the `.module.scss` or `.module.sass` extension.

Before you can use Next.js' built-in Sass support, be sure to install [`sass`](https://github.com/sass/sass):

```bash
npm install sass
```

Sass support has the same benefits and restrictions as the built-in CSS support detailed above.

## Less and Stylus Support

To support importing `.less` or `.styl` files you can use the following plugins:

- [@zeit/next-less](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-less)
- [@zeit/next-stylus](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-stylus)
