examples/blog-starter/README.md, before:

# Blog starter example

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```
npm i -g create-next-app
create-next-app --example blog-starter
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/blog-starter
cd blog-starter
```

### Run locally

Install and run the development server:

```bash
yarn install
now dev
```

### Deploy

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This is an example of a blog built with Next.js. [Read more about the motivation and how it is built](https://jolvera.dev/posts/rebuilding-my-blog-with-nextjs).

The blog is still barebones and need more improvements and styling, but this should be enough to get you started.

[Demo deployed in Now](https://nextjs-blog-starter.now.sh/)

Commit message:

Make example READMEs more consistent (#10124)
* npx create → npm init

* Fix inconsistent instructions

* Update amp-first

* Update with-graphql-react

* with-firebase-cloud-messaging

* Update with-higher-order-component

* change create-next-app url

* Update create-next-app instruction

* Update instructions to use npm instead of npx

* Move "the idea behind the example" to top

* Rename

* Rename

* Update contributing.md with a README template

examples/blog-starter/README.md, after:

# Blog starter example

This is an example of a blog built with Next.js. [Read more about the motivation and how it is built](https://jolvera.dev/posts/rebuilding-my-blog-with-nextjs).

The blog is still barebones and need more improvements and styling, but this should be enough to get you started.

[Demo deployed in Now](https://nextjs-blog-starter.now.sh/)

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npm init next-app --example blog-starter blog-starter-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example blog-starter blog-starter-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/blog-starter
cd blog-starter
```

### Run locally

Install and run the development server:

```bash
yarn install
now dev
```

### Deploy

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```
