examples/with-next-css/README.md, before:

# next-css example

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-next-css)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-next-css with-next-css-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-next-css with-next-css-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-next-css
cd with-next-css
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example demonstrates how to use the [next-css plugin](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-css) It includes patterns for with and without CSS Modules, with PostCSS and with additional webpack configurations on top of the next-css plugin.

Commit message:

Update css examples to use built-in CSS support (#10029)
* Update tailwind example

* Update blog-starter example

* Update with-next-css example

* Update with-quill-js

* Update with-rbx-bulma-pro

* Remove incompatible example

* Update with-react-multi-carousel

* Update-with-semantic-ui

* Update with-videojs example

* Remove @zeit/next-css from package.json of updated examples

* Remove deprecated examples

* Remove target from all examples

* Update package.json

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <timer@zeit.co>

Co-authored-by: Joe Haddad <timer150@gmail.com>

examples/with-next-css/README.md, after:

# next-css example

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-next-css)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-next-css with-next-css-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-next-css with-next-css-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-next-css
cd with-next-css
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example demonstrates how to use Next.js' built-in CSS imports and CSS modules support.
