examples/with-styletron/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-styletron)

# Example app with styletron

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-styletron with-styletron-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-styletron with-styletron-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-styletron
cd with-styletron
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example features how yo use a different styling solution than [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) that also supports universal styles. That means we can serve the required styles for the first render within the HTML and then load the rest in the client. In this case we are using [styletron](https://github.com/rtsao/styletron).

For this purpose we are extending the `<Document />` and injecting the server side rendered styles into the `<head>`.

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-styletron/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-styletron)

# Example app with styletron

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-styletron with-styletron-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-styletron with-styletron-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-styletron
cd with-styletron
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example features how yo use a different styling solution than [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) that also supports universal styles. That means we can serve the required styles for the first render within the HTML and then load the rest in the client. In this case we are using [styletron](https://github.com/rtsao/styletron).

For this purpose we are extending the `<Document />` and injecting the server side rendered styles into the `<head>`.
