examples/with-typescript/README.md, before:

# TypeScript Next.js example

This is a really simple project that show the usage of Next.js with TypeScript.

## How to use it?

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-typescript with-typescript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-typescript with-typescript-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-typescript
cd with-typescript
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

## The idea behind the example

This example shows how to integrate the TypeScript type system into Next.js. Since TypeScript is supported out of the box with Next.js, all we have to do is to install TypeScript.

```
npm install --save-dev typescript
```

To enable TypeScript's features, we install the type declaratons for React and Node.

```
npm install --save-dev @types/react @types/react-dom @types/node
```

When we run `next dev` the next time, Next.js will start looking for any `.ts` or `.tsx` files in our project and builds it. It even automatically creates a `tsconfig.json` file for our project with the recommended settings.

Next.js has built-in TypeScript declarations, so we'll get autocompletion for Next.js' modules straight away.

A `type-check` script is also added to `package.json`, which runs TypeScript's `tsc` CLI in `noEmit` mode to run type-checking separately. You can then include this, for example, in your `test` scripts.

Commit message:

Add the deploy button to compatible examples (#9547)

examples/with-typescript/README.md, after:

# TypeScript Next.js example

This is a really simple project that show the usage of Next.js with TypeScript.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript)

## How to use it?

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-typescript with-typescript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-typescript with-typescript-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-typescript
cd with-typescript
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This example shows how to integrate the TypeScript type system into Next.js. Since TypeScript is supported out of the box with Next.js, all we have to do is to install TypeScript.

```
npm install --save-dev typescript
```

To enable TypeScript's features, we install the type declaratons for React and Node.

```
npm install --save-dev @types/react @types/react-dom @types/node
```

When we run `next dev` the next time, Next.js will start looking for any `.ts` or `.tsx` files in our project and builds it. It even automatically creates a `tsconfig.json` file for our project with the recommended settings.

Next.js has built-in TypeScript declarations, so we'll get autocompletion for Next.js' modules straight away.

A `type-check` script is also added to `package.json`, which runs TypeScript's `tsc` CLI in `noEmit` mode to run type-checking separately. You can then include this, for example, in your `test` scripts.
