examples/with-styled-jsx-scss/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-styled-jsx-scss)

# With styled-jsx SASS / SCSS

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-styled-jsx-scss with-styled-jsx-scss-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-styled-jsx-scss with-styled-jsx-scss-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-styled-jsx-scss
cd with-styled-jsx-scss
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Next.js ships with [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) allowing you
to write scope styled components with full css support. This is important for
the modularity and code size of your bundles and also for the learning curve of the framework. If you know css you can write styled-jsx right away.

This example shows how to configure styled-jsx to use external plugins to modify the output. Using this you can use PostCSS, SASS (SCSS), LESS, or any other pre-processor with styled-jsx. You can define plugins in `.babelrc`. This example shows how to implement the SASS plugin.

More details about how plugins work can be found in the [styled-jsx readme](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx#css-preprocessing-via-plugins)

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-styled-jsx-scss/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-styled-jsx-scss)

# With styled-jsx SASS / SCSS

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-styled-jsx-scss with-styled-jsx-scss-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-styled-jsx-scss with-styled-jsx-scss-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-styled-jsx-scss
cd with-styled-jsx-scss
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Next.js ships with [styled-jsx](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx) allowing you
to write scope styled components with full css support. This is important for
the modularity and code size of your bundles and also for the learning curve of the framework. If you know css you can write styled-jsx right away.

This example shows how to configure styled-jsx to use external plugins to modify the output. Using this you can use PostCSS, SASS (SCSS), LESS, or any other pre-processor with styled-jsx. You can define plugins in `.babelrc`. This example shows how to implement the SASS plugin.

More details about how plugins work can be found in the [styled-jsx readme](https://github.com/zeit/styled-jsx#css-preprocessing-via-plugins)
