examples/with-sw-precache/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-sw-precache)

# sw-precache example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-sw-precache with-sw-precache-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-sw-precache with-sw-precache-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-sw-precache
cd with-sw-precache
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

You'll often want your Service Worker to be registered at the root level to give it access to your whole application.

This example shows how this can be achieved alongside [sw-precache](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/sw-precache) (via [the webpack plugin](https://github.com/goldhand/sw-precache-webpack-plugin)).

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-sw-precache/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-sw-precache)

# sw-precache example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-sw-precache with-sw-precache-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-sw-precache with-sw-precache-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-sw-precache
cd with-sw-precache
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

You'll often want your Service Worker to be registered at the root level to give it access to your whole application.

This example shows how this can be achieved alongside [sw-precache](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/sw-precache) (via [the webpack plugin](https://github.com/goldhand/sw-precache-webpack-plugin)).
