examples/with-noscript/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-noscript)

# Noscript example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-noscript with-noscript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-noscript with-noscript-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

## Development
Install it and run:

**npm**
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

**yarn**
```bash
yarn install
yarn run dev
```

## Production
**npm**
```bash
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

**yarn**
```bash
yarn install
yarn run build
yarn start
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## About example

This example show you how to use `<noscript></noscript>` with image resource in next.js

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-noscript/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-noscript)

# Noscript example

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-noscript with-noscript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-noscript with-noscript-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

## Development
Install it and run:

**npm**
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

**yarn**
```bash
yarn install
yarn run dev
```

## Production
**npm**
```bash
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

**yarn**
```bash
yarn install
yarn run build
yarn start
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## About example

This example show you how to use `<noscript></noscript>` with image resource in next.js
