examples/with-typescript-styled-components/README.md, before:

# TypeScript & Styled Components Next.js example

This is a really simple project that show the usage of Next.js with TypeScript and Styled Components.

## How to use it?

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-typescript-styled-components with-typescript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-typescript-styled-components with-typescript-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-typescript-styled-components
cd with-typescript-styled-components
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

## The idea behind the example

This is an amalgamation of the 2 existing examples:

- [with-typescript](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript)
- [with-styled-components](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styled-components)

Commit message:

Add the deploy button to compatible examples (#9547)

examples/with-typescript-styled-components/README.md, after:

# TypeScript & Styled Components Next.js example

This is a really simple project that show the usage of Next.js with TypeScript and Styled Components.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript-styled-components)

## How to use it?

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-typescript-styled-components with-typescript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-typescript-styled-components with-typescript-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-typescript-styled-components
cd with-typescript-styled-components
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

This is an amalgamation of the 2 existing examples:

- [with-typescript](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript)
- [with-styled-components](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-styled-components)
