examples/with-global-stylesheet/README.md, before:

# Global Stylesheet example

This is an example of how you can include a global stylesheet in a next.js webapp.


## How to use

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/master | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-master/examples/with-global-stylesheet
cd with-global-stylesheet 
```

To get this example running you just need to

    npm install .
    npm run dev

Visit [http://localhost:300](http://localhost:300) and try to modify `pages/style.scss` changing color. Your changes should be picked up instantly.

Also see it working with plain css here
![example](example.gif)

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```


## The idea behind the example

The strategy here is to transpile the stylesheet file to a css-in-js file so that it can be loaded and hot reloaded both on the server and the client. For this purpose i created a babel loader plugin called [babel-loader-wrap-in-js](https://github.com/davibe/babel-plugin-wrap-in-js)

This project shows how you can set it up. Have a look at
- .babelrc
- next.config.js
- pages/style.scss
- pages/index.js


Please, report any issue on enhancement related to this example to its original
github repository https://github.com/davibe/next.js-css-global-style-test

Commit message:

With global stylesheet paths (#1327)
* with-global-stylesheet without relative paths and with node_modules

* a parenthetical remark about material-components-web not being part of the example

examples/with-global-stylesheet/README.md, after:

# Global Stylesheet example

This is an example of how you can include a global stylesheet in a next.js webapp.


## How to use

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/master | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-master/examples/with-global-stylesheet
cd with-global-stylesheet
```

To get this example running you just need to

    npm install .
    npm run dev

Visit [http://localhost:300](http://localhost:300) and try to modify `styles/index.scss` changing color. Your changes should be picked up instantly.

Also see it working with plain css here
![example](example.gif)

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```


## The idea behind the example

The strategy here is to transpile the stylesheet file to a css-in-js file so that it can be loaded and hot reloaded both on the server and the client. For this purpose I created a babel loader plugin called [babel-loader-wrap-in-js](https://github.com/davibe/babel-plugin-wrap-in-js).

Another babel plugin [module-resolver](https://github.com/tleunen/babel-plugin-module-resolver) enables us to import stylesheets from js (e.g. pages or components) through a `styles` directory alias rather than relative paths.

The `sass-loader` is configured with `includePaths: ['styles', 'node_modules']` so that your scss can `@import` from those places, again without relative paths, for maximum convenience and ability to use npm-published libraries.  Furthermore, `glob` paths are also supported, so one could for example add `'node_modules/@material/*'` to the `includePaths`, which would make [material-components-web](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web) (if you'd like) even easier to work with.

This project shows how you can set it up. Have a look at:
- .babelrc
- next.config.js
- pages/index.js
- styles/index.scss

Please, report any issue on enhancement related to this example to its original
github repository https://github.com/davibe/next.js-css-global-style-test
