examples/with-amp/README.md, before:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-amp)

# Google AMP

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Download [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-amp with-amp-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-amp with-amp-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js.git):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-amp
cd with-amp
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Next.js allows the construction of custom Documents. This feature enable the usage of custom attributes and elements. In this case, AMP tags and attributes.

Commit message:

Examples: stabalise README format and create-next-app usage (#4009)
* Examples: clarify language around Yarn create & npx

* add missing READMEs and create-next-app usage

* suggest people tag jthegedus in firebase related issues

* add yarn alt instructions

* cerebraljs example readme & fixes

examples/with-amp/README.md, after:

[![Deploy to now](https://deploy.now.sh/static/button.svg)](https://deploy.now.sh/?repo=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/with-amp)

# Google AMP

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/segmentio/create-next-app) with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) or [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx#readme) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-amp with-amp-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-amp with-amp-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example [or clone the repo](https://github.com/zeit/next.js.git):

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/with-amp
cd with-amp
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download))

```bash
now
```

## The idea behind the example

Next.js allows the construction of custom Documents. This feature enable the usage of custom attributes and elements. In this case, AMP tags and attributes.
