examples/dynamic-routing/README.md, before:

# Dynamic Routing example

This example shows usage of dynamic routing.

This example contains two dynamic pages:

1. `pages/post/[id]/index.js`
   - e.g. matches `/post/my-example` (`/post/:id`)
1. `pages/post/[id]/[comment].js`
   - e.g. matches `/post/my-example/a-comment` (`/post/:id/:comment`)

These routes are automatically matched by the server.
You can use `next/link` as displayed in this example to route to these pages client side.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/dynamic-routing)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npm init next-app --example dynamic-routing dynamic-routing-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example dynamic-routing dynamic-routing-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/dynamic-routing
cd dynamic-routing
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```

Commit message:

Add catch all routes example and a link to it in docs (#10202)
* Added example

* Updated readme of the dynamic-routing example

* Updated catch all docs

* Simplified example

* Update examples/catch-all-routes/README.md

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

Co-authored-by: Joe Haddad <timer150@gmail.com>

examples/dynamic-routing/README.md, after:

# Dynamic Routing example

This example shows how to do [dynamic routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/routing/dynamic-routes) in Next.js. It contains two dynamic routes:

1. `pages/post/[id]/index.js`
   - e.g. matches `/post/my-example` (`/post/:id`)
1. `pages/post/[id]/[comment].js`
   - e.g. matches `/post/my-example/a-comment` (`/post/:id/:comment`)

These routes are automatically matched by the server.
You can use `next/link` as displayed in this example to route to these pages client side.

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now):

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/new/project?template=https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/examples/dynamic-routing)

## How to use

### Using `create-next-app`

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npm init next-app --example dynamic-routing dynamic-routing-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example dynamic-routing dynamic-routing-app
```

### Download manually

Download the example:

```bash
curl https://codeload.github.com/zeit/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/dynamic-routing
cd dynamic-routing
```

Install it and run:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Now](https://zeit.co/now) ([download](https://zeit.co/download)):

```bash
now
```
